New documentation structure and content (#195)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/products/exchange.mdx

---

> title: 'Exchange'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'NFT Exchange'
```

---

import { Card } from '../../components/Card'
import { Cards, Steps } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

# Exchange

> The Exchange serves as a dynamic platform connecting NFT owners with prospective purchasers. It streamlines the process of creating, listing, and managing NFT offers through the use of smart contracts, APIs, and SDKs. Additionally, it provides businesses with the tools to set custom fees, consolidate offers, track sales from various platforms, and oversee transactions in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NFT Exchange solution serves as a dynamic connector for NFT owners and potential buyers. It streamlines the process of creating, listing, and managing NFT offers through the use of smart contracts, APIs, and SDKs. Additionally, it provides businesses with the tools to set custom fees, consolidate offers, track sales from various platforms, and oversee transactions in real time.
```

> The Exchange operates on the renowned [Rarible Protocol](https://docs.rarible.org/), a community-driven solution for NFT creation, management, and trading. Rest assured, all contracts are rigorously [audited](https://chainsecurity.com/security-audit/rarible-exchange-v2-smart-contracts/), open-sourced, and overseen by the Rarible DAO.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operating on the community-endorsed [Rarible Protocol](https://docs.rarible.org/), our Exchange ensures that all smart contracts are thoroughly [audited]((https://chainsecurity.com/security-audit/rarible-exchange-v2-smart-contracts/), open-source, and managed by the Rarible DAO.
```

## Features

<Cards num={3}>
  <Card title="Smart Contract Integration">
    Facilitate secure, trustless transactions through integrated smart
    contracts.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Customizable Fees">

>     Tailor transaction fees to suit your business needs, with the flexibility to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Tailor transaction fees to suit your business model, with the flexibility to
```

    implement specific rules and parameters.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Real-Time Notifications">

>     Stay updated with instant alerts on sales and offers via our webhook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Stay informed with instant alerts on sales and offers via our webhook
```

    support.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Instant Liquidity">

>     Achieve rapid liquidity through the synchronization of offers from major

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Achieve instant liquidity through the synchronization of offers from major
```

    existing marketplaces.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Sales Aggregation">

>     Gauge and compare your sales performance with other marketplaces for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Gauge and compare your sales performance with other marketplaces to
```

>     informed decision-making.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make data-driven decisions
```

  </Card>
  <Card title="Comprehensive Monitoring">
    Monitor all sales activities directly from the dashboard, ensuring you are
    always in the loop.
  </Card>
</Cards>

> 

Reviewer: ### Multi-Chain Compatibility
Our product seamlessly integrates with a variety of blockchain ecosystems to provide a versatile and expansive user experience. It is fully compatible with major chains including Ethereum, Polygon, Binance Smart Chain, and LightLink, as well as other EVM-compatible chains.

Author: Similar feedback here about the length and priority of this content

## How to Use It

<Steps>

### Dashboard Configuration

> Begin by navigating to the [dashboard](/tools/dashboard). Here, you can list your collections, either by importing an existing collection or creating a new one tailored to your preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log in to the [Liteflow dashboard](/tools/dashboard), and list your collections, either by importing an existing collection or creating a new one tailored to your preferences.
```

### Fee Customization

Utilize the plugin section within the [dashboard](/tools/dashboard) to set your desired transaction fees, or alternatively, create a bespoke [plugin](/tools/service) for unparalleled flexibility.

### Integration Options

Opt for the [marketplace template](/templates/marketplace) for swift and straightforward setup, or leverage our [SDK](/tools/sdk-core) and [API](/tools/graphql-api) for a more tailored integration into your existing application.

### Webhook Setup

Configure [webhooks](/tools/webhook) to receive real-time notifications, keeping you abreast of all relevant activities.

> ### Ongoing Monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Continuous Oversight
```
